If you saw this HTML: <div class="box box1 box2 box3"></div> which class has the most specificity weight?  box3 as it appears last                                                     
Describe the difference between display: block; and display: inline;.  display:block is helpful in such cases as taking links out of their default inline property and setting them to use up the entire amount of space available, whereas display: inline is useful for taking elements out of their own line and putting them all on the same horizontal line with them only taking up minimal space.                                              
While using flexbox, what axis are you using when you use the property: align-items: center? cross axis                                        
What is the difference between fixed layout, adaptive layout, fluid layout, and responsive layout? Fixed layout is used when hardcoding pixel sizes into a document, which would prevent it from looking nice when being resized.  Adaptive layout and fluid layout are similar though adaptive takes a more strict approach by only addressing special-use cases in screen sizes.  Responsive layout utilizes both adaptive and fluid layout with use of media queries, hard-coded pixels min or max widths, and percentages to address various viewport sizes.                                                                                                                                                    
Why do we need to use the CSS property max-width on the outter most container in a responsive website?  Max-width is needed as it prevents certain element contents from being stretched past the point of being readable or looking nice.  It keeps the document at a certain size once it goes beyond that max-width setting.
